here we go I found the scroll baby he's
dangerous you must be careful yeah he's
a pretty tough dude
he was even strong enough to use mind
control on trunks yeah but well okay
technically you were under the influence
of Dimitra sure it was me but it was you
know different me from the usual me I'm
sorry a different you than the usual you
you're still you know you aren't you uh
well yeah yeah that's true but oh
whatever it's not a big deal here
there's something going on with this
scroll head over there trunks don't try
to change the subject on me
here earth and he'll conducted and
caused a huge
you gotta run away screaming
wanna fight okay bill fights
the whole other neat things what
happened is that when I've used my time
machine it increased the number of time
lines the trunk of that other additions
me and the self that's talking to you
yes well that's the trucks the kill to
this world in the time machine
but you know awesome
not entirely it's funny I guess
you really care about this
haha
to lose to rethink our special fighting
my father doesn't need to fight we learn
from our mistakes
the believe Pelican Rajini force won't
lose it easily you ready for the storm
what
you see the Sun and I'll send you to
other world too
no no I die until I show up pajetta
Jesus dangerous you have to finish him
fast my lack of training was to blame
for this snap out of another me I know
you can do better than that
my other me I came back from the other
way and I have to deal with you to hell
this is the Android 17
and my resonation admitted 17 on earth
he'll that some sort of gateway to hell
a cordial history the Android 17 on
earth which should appear and merge this
new 17 - 17 super 17 stronger super 17
you can't let those two meet we have to
break Democrat spell first what do you
do hurry hurry
become one with me I found you
what order after them car